hey guys smuggling predator Oh we're
gonna play a game called talking bed the
dog on my iPad air and he's gonna say
some pretty bad things about himself so
let's just go yeah there is little
better to smiling like a little retard
retard Ben now this yeah this idiot
writer is just ignoring us idiot right
would you like to die yeah would you
like to live would you like us to murder
your family and then you last would you
like us to murder would you like us to
murder your wife do want to live do you
like your life here would you like to
keep it so that technically is a new no
cook step laughing that was technically
a no right no sobs yes so do you want to
keep your life yeah do you love your
family yeah would you like us to murder
them please Almighty love your woman do
you love your wife yeah I like us to
murder her do funny things might things
yeah
would you like us to murder your family
yeah would you like us to murder your
girlfriend yeah what would you like us
to murder you so then so technically you
want to be with your family again so do
you want to live or die yeah would you
like to live that's a no would you like
to live where do you like to live
yeah would you like to die why'd you
have to die would you like to die oh my
god you are pissing us off look this is
what you get
would you exit will you have to die
yeah would you like to live what do you
like to live there he is
people suicidal bed oh no no no no no no
places do you have a penis oh do you
have a penis okay bye ding do you have a
life do you have a life do you have
balls do you play basketball
mm you sit around all day oh do you have
balls are you suicidal are you suicidal
yeah do you have a fetus are you are you
on drugs
why huh look II ever get up just asking
random stuff you got only one
what are you stupid
yeah are you are you stupid
he just washing here he just said he's
stupid okay
okay people this was suicide okay this
little this little stupid dog guess it
and smack what is this and this piece
[Music]